Spam detection (hyperlinks have been removed):

SPAM     special offer free trial hyperlink click here i m not interested hyperlink
SPAM     immediate help needed we are a fortune 100 company that is growing at a tremendous rate of over 200% per year...
SPAM     you requested to receive this mailing by registering at send great offers i m your healthy advantagesm personal advocate...
SPAM     dear sir with due respect and humility i write you this letter which i believe you would be of great assistance to my children...
SPAM     if this flyer does not appear correctly and or images do not appear please click the following link hyperlink...
NOT SPAM     i just had to jump in here as carbonara is one of my favourites to make and ask what the hell are you supposed to use instead of cream...
NOT SPAM     i have been trying to research via sa mirrors and search engines if a canned script exists...
NOT SPAM     hello have you seen and discussed this article and his approach thank you...
NOT SPAM     can someone explain what type of operating system solaris is as ive never seen or used it...
NOT SPAM     folks my first time posting have a bit of unix experience but am new to linux...


Sentiment Analysis for movie reviews:

POSITIVE    ``Extreme Ops'' exceeds expectations.
POSITIVE    The actors are fantastic.
POSITIVE    Familiar but utterly delightful.
POSITIVE    ...very funny, very enjoyable...
POSITIVE    Duvall is strong as always.
NEGATIVE    This isn't a new idea.
NEGATIVE    An absurdist spider web.
NEGATIVE    Frida isn't that much different from many a Hollywood romance.
NEGATIVE    The movie is well done, but slow.
NEGATIVE    As it is, it's too long and unfocused.


Language Detection:

NORWEGIAN       Idag er ho her. Etter to måneder borte. Velkommen sol.
DANISH      Kan du huske, hvornår du kom på Twitter? Det kan jeg!
NORWEGIAN       Twitter! Jeg har laga ramen!
DANISH       Kender du en ven, der har det på samme måde?
FAROESE     eg skilji ikki hví Canal+ vísir Arsenal-Man City á 2 kanalum
ICELANDIC   Í morgun bleiv lagið "Exquisite Bliss" hjá Brimheim kosið "Ugens uundgåelige" á P3 hesa vikuna.
ENGLISH     Why did this make me emotional???? That’s so nice :))
GERMAN      Stell dir vor, du hast deinen ersten Arbeitstag im neuen Büro und dann kommen Lady Gaga und JLo und singen mal kurz was.
SPANISH     Así que si te aparece este video en tu tl es porque tendrás un maravilloso día
CATALAN     Tu ¿què hi tens, a dintre? ¿Jardí o infern? Una mica de tot. Segons d’on bufa el vent.
